README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm [Cassey](https://www.linkedin.com/in/casseyshao) 👋
  
### About me!
- 📚 I am an undergraduate student at University of Toronto pursuing a Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc) in computer engineering, with a minor in business and a certificate in artificial intelligence (expected graduation May 2023).
- 💻 I previously interned at Amazon as a software development engineer intern and edsembli Inc. as a junior software developer.
- 🤩 I enjoy problem solving, working with people, and working with technology!

### What I am up to currently!
- 📝 I am currently in my fourth academic year of my program (4 academic years + 1 co-op year).
- ✈️ I work part-time as a glider familiarization pilot for the Royal Canadian Air Cadet Gliding Program.
- 😊 I am a Peer Coach for my faculty's Professional Experience Year (PEY) Co-op & Careers office.

<!--
**casseyshao/casseyshao** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add 'Connect with me' section

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm [Cassey](https://www.linkedin.com/in/casseyshao) 👋
  
### About me!
- 📚 I am an undergraduate student at University of Toronto pursuing a Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc) in computer engineering, with a minor in business and a certificate in artificial intelligence (expected graduation May 2023).
- 💻 I previously interned at Amazon as a software development engineer intern and edsembli Inc. as a junior software developer.
- 🤩 I enjoy problem solving, working with people, and working with technology!

### What I am up to currently!
- 📝 I am currently in my fourth academic year of my program (4 academic years + 1 co-op year).
- ✈️ I work part-time as a glider familiarization pilot for the Royal Canadian Air Cadet Gliding Program.
- 😊 I am a Peer Coach for my faculty's Professional Experience Year (PEY) Co-op & Careers office.

### Connect with me!
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/casseyshao)
- [Medium](https://casseyshao.medium.com/)
- [DevPost](https://devpost.com/casseys0000)
- [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/casseyshao)

<!--
**casseyshao/casseyshao** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
